I love them I hope he stays God please
make them safe like hello
okay I have a surprise for you a
surprise for me yes really that's great
science you want to see it where is it
oh right here okay I'm hoping that you
like it I you got so upset about that
tiramisu and nobody cared enough to make
it for you you made a tiramisu I did I
need you and tiramisu this spoon did you
make it with Doug no no I made it myself
I don't argue less than an hour less
than an hour well the fact that we got
it look at that I'm nice you made this
this morning seriously yes seriously
yeah I'm impressed
hmm it's nice it is real I like it yeah
it was very nice mmm he likes the
tiramisu a winner
that's delicious good job right I need
all of you I'm just being there all
right guys come over please all of you
please let's go don't no one moves
faster today it's like [ __ ] camels get
up let's go now I've done a lot of
research around the city of Boston and
this is a highly competitive area right
yes how do you stand out from that
competition we don't I don't know that's
obvious we are like almost like
everybody not bad I know words I think
we're good that's where you're wrong
young man last night route service I
snapped off a few photos just to show
you what your food looks like wow what
is that oh dear oh dear oh dear
I don't want to see you know what it
says that's not a good sign I do right
oh just get these are from my phone oh
my god ah duck what is that like the
oldest it could be eggplant
no it's seafood ravioli ravioli exact
plan but it's a plan the fact that you
don't even know what it is instantly
scares the [ __ ] out of me
seafood ravioli let's put out there yeah
do you have to hang next what is it how
did you say Paradiso
does that look like paradise to anyone
it looks like vomit vomit oh you're not
the manager anymore inside of a costly
bag what is this antipasto with balsamic
vinegar spewed all over it
do you think they do that in Italy ready
yeah
well if someone needs to get to [ __ ]
lens crafter urgently next oh please no
more all the rack away the rack of lamb
our rack eleum looks like a sick animal
I mean I don't know a lot of sick
animals but like a sick the second look
that is currently leaving your dining
room on a daily basis here second out
yeah that looks like [ __ ] everything we
serve is this weird orange pinky color
doesn't look like food it's it wasn't
appetizing at all oh my god it's
embarrassing
that's your food there yes enter the
shaft oh yeah yep yes let me show you
some other photos of what Boston's best
Italian restaurants are putting out
tortellini of seafood hmm
it's nice look at this shrimp will agree
let's make a piece of art that's a
lesson plan serves in a local Italian
restaurant looks nice will aunt Augusta
[Music]
look at the comparison see it's just a
better version visually I'm tasting wise
what's wrong I don't know what he's
saying I'll tell you what to say
that's ridiculous good this food looks
better because those were taken as
close-ups and these were far away okay
no no if I had to pull out that one and
show you this one with the bits of crap
listen your food is dated
and there's no comparison no there isn't
it doesn't look good have a little bit
of fries
Doug are you willing to learn and raise
your game I don't like to follow like
people I don't you know I like to do
things different my way a world-renowned
chef is in here telling you like you're
[ __ ] up and you have no passion and
you still resisting I gotta look for
somebody else
you